angular.md: update error event text (include init errors) (#15197)
ckeditor/ckeditor5: docs/installation/integrations/angular.md

### `error`

Fired when the editor crashes. Once the editor is crashed, the internal watchdog mechanism restarts the editor and fires the [ready](#ready) event.

<info-box>

> 	Prior to ckeditor5-angular v7.0.1, this event did not include crashes during the editor initialization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	Prior to ckeditor5-angular `v7.0.1`, this event was not fired for crashes during the editor initialization.
```
